# Headline

a module to associate contributions with technology-related information

# Background

See the TeTaLa language: http://101companies.org/index.php/Language:TeTaLa

# Input/output behavior

The module reads TeTaLa files for all technologies from
"101results/101repo/technologies/*/.tetala". The module writes
"technologies.json" files for all contributions to
"101results/contributions/*". The generated json files associate
technology names as keys with file names and additional metadata as
values.

# Example

Consider the following input "101results/101repo/technologies/ANTLR/ANTLR.tetala":

<pre>
{
 "input" : {
  "extension" : ".g"
 },
 "output" : {
  "extension" : ".tokens",
  "pattern" : [
   "@Lexer.java",
   "@Parser.java"
  ]
 },
 "support" : {
  "pattern" : "antlr-@.jar"
 }
}
</pre>

On these grounds, the module can determine the use of the technology
ANTLR within contributions. Also, input versus output versus support
files can be distinguished. The TeTaLa language defines details of the
exercised JSON format.

Consider the following output "101results/contributions/antlrAcceptor/technologies.json":

<pre>
{
 "ANTLR" : {
  "input" : "org/softlang/parser/Company.g",
  "output" : [
   "org/softlang/parser/Company.tokens",
   "org/softlang/parser/CompanyLexer.java",
   "org/softlang/parser/CompanyParser.java"
  ],
  "support" : ["antlr-3.2.jar"]
 }
}
</pre>

The file has been generated by the present module. File names are
specified relative to the root directory of the contribution. In this
example, we assume that only one technology, say ANTLR, has been used
in the present contribution. (This is a simplification because the
contribution clearly uses other technologies, e.g., make and JUnit.)
